If met you, Moriru Yamato and I were to join this movement to commemorate you for our tradition,
...when they determine that the
state everybody is acting should have thought
We have fought at all passages and at my heart's great responsability.
However!!!
owan you to see the generations to come,
Its key is the message that,
in the base stop or a canvas,
it must be password,
like the words,
the 치성
that our generation
must take away.
We must do that.
I will do my best.
I will do my best to make you a great man who will be a great man in the future.
I will pray for you to be able to train your body well,
both in your stomach and in your brain.
I will do my best.
I will do my best to make you a great man.